# coffeeQualityStatisticalAnalysis
I analyzed the coffee quality data set. The data was taken from Coffee Quality Institute via Kaggle and included information about the Country of origin, Farm Name, Lot Number, Company, Altitude, Region, Variety, Overall, Flavor, Aftertaste, Balance, Acidity, Aroma, Body, Processing Methods, etc. The dataset consisted of 207 rows and 41 columns.
The data was cleaned and prepared for analysis by removing missing values, null values, and unique values, changing the data type of the date, and time, checking for duplicates, and making new features. The final dataset consisted of 48,620 rows and 11 columns. The final dataset consisted of 192 rows and 34 columns.
The data profiling results showed that the Number of Farms by Country is the highest in Taiwan and the major product company is Doi Tung Development Project. The best processing method is Washed/ wet according to the Taiwan Coffee Laboratory and Coffee Quality Union.
The analysis is based on the total cup points and made a correlation matrix. Overall, Flavor, Aftertaste, Balance, Acidity, Aroma, and Body are the most relevant variables according to the correlation matrix. I continued to data visualization of numerical analysis by these variables with Geospatial Analysis. According to my analysis based on the data frame, Ethiopia is the best quality and Taiwan comes. If we talk about the bottom Brazillia comes as the coffee quality. When we talk about the altitude relation, we see that altitude and quality are in direct proportion. 
I used the analysis to identify coffee quality, because of the learning of the coffee’s quality depending on variables. This project is my first project about data sets, so I want to get excited and use this analysis result in my life, and mention this topic to people. I got a lot of results from this project about coffee, and I mentioned it to people, so I achieved my purpose, and I learned lots of tools, above all.

